README.md, before:

# DailyUI-Archive
Archive of my completed Daily UI challenges. The list is take from [Collect UI](http://collectui.com/challenges) site and inlcudes aditional prompts. Below is a list of the challenges in order and link to each of completed project:


1. Sign Up
2. Checkout
3. Landing Page
4. Calculator
5. App Icon
6. User Profile
7. Settings
8. [404 Page](/08-404Page/DesktopHD-Mockup.png)
9. Music Player
10. Social Share
11. Flash Messages
12. Single Product
13. Direct Messaging
14. Countdown Timer
15. On/Off Switch
16. Pop-Up / Overlay
17. Email Receipt
18. Analytics Chart
19. Leaderboard
20. Location Tracker
21. Monitoring Dashboard
22. Search
23. Onboarding
24. Boarding Pass
25. TV App
26. Subscribe
27. Dropdown
28. Contact Us
29. Map
30. Pricing
31. File Upload
32. Crowdfunding Campaign
33. Customize Product
34. Car Interface
35. Blog Post
36. Special Offer
37. Weather
38. Calendar
39. Testimonials
40. Recipe
41. Workout Tracker
42. ToDo List
43. Food/Drink Menu
44. Favorites
45. Info Card
46. Invoice
47. Activity Feed
48. Coming Soon
49. Notifications
50. Job Listing
51. Press Page
52. Daily UI Logo
53. Header Navigation
54. Confirm Reservation
55. Icon Set 56. Breadcrumbs
57. Video Player
58. Shopping Cart
59. Background Pattern
60. Color Picker
61. Redeem Coupon
62. Workout of the Day
63. Best of 2015
64. Select User Type
65. Notes Widget
66. Statistics
67. Hotel Booking
68. Flight Search
69. Trending
70. Event Listing
71. Schedule
72. Image Slider
73. Virtual Reality
74. Download App
75. Pre-Order
76. Loading
77. Thank You
78. Pending Invitation
79. Itinerary
80. Date Picker
81. Status Update
82. Form
83. Button
84. Badge
85. Pagination
86. Progress Bar
87. Tooltip
88. Avatar
89. Terms Of Service
90. Create New
91. Curated For You
92. FAQ
93. Splash Screen
95. Product Tour
96. In Stock
97. Giveaway
98. Advertisement
101. Mobile Menu
102. Movie Card
103. Filter Products
104. Hover State
105. Newsfeed
106. Inbox
107. Currency Converter
108. Quote
109. Stroked Illustration
110. Contact List
111. Verification Code
112. Mockup
113. Redesign
114. Desk Inspiration
115. UI Kit
116. Empty States
117. Dial Pad
118. Style Guide
119. Email Application
120. Animation
121. Branding
122. Illustration
123. Wireframe
124. Brutal Design
125. Portfolio
126. Reminder / Alarm
127. Logo
128. Admin Panel
129. E-Wallet
130. UI Interaction
131. Shape Invasion
132. E-Commerce
133. Email Design
134. Low Poly
135. Collect UI Curation
136. Invite Friend
137. Montserrat
138. Photo album
139. Funny Animation
140. Poster
141. Project Management
142. Geometrical
143. Stamp
144. Character Animation
145. Playing Cards
146. Code Editor
147. About us
148. App Screens
149. Travel Destination
150. Real Estate
152. Online Course 
153. Bot Interface 
154. Halloween 
155. Comments 
156. Business Card 
157. Book Cover 
158. Packaging 
159. Calligraphy 
160. Documentation 
161. Stranger Things 
162. Online Blog / Magazine 
163. Album Cover 
164. Error State 
165. Pitch Deck 
166. Infographic 
167. Scroll Transition

Commit message:

Addition of Challenge 001
Addition of sketch file that includes wireframes and mockups, prototype, for challenge 01. Addition of challenge to main list along with resources used on it.

README.md, after:

# DailyUI-Archive
Archive of my completed Daily UI challenges and the resources I used to learn about designing for each process. The list is take from [Collect UI](http://collectui.com/challenges) site and includes additional prompts. Below is a list of the challenges in order and link to each of completed project:


1. [Sign Up](/001-SignUp/001-Prototype.mp4)
...*[10 signup page do and don’t](https://blog.prototypr.io/10-signup-page-do-and-dont-d4bd93ba2c8f?token=lNPNFOyTTZzWoGb9)
...*[How to Design Great UX for Sign Up Form](https://uxplanet.org/how-to-design-great-ux-for-sign-up-form-8ce39f84659)
2. Checkout
3. Landing Page
4. Calculator
5. App Icon
6. User Profile
7. Settings
8. [404 Page](/08-404Page/DesktopHD-Mockup.png)
9. Music Player
10. Social Share
11. Flash Messages
12. Single Product
13. Direct Messaging
14. Countdown Timer
15. On/Off Switch
16. Pop-Up / Overlay
17. Email Receipt
18. Analytics Chart
19. Leaderboard
20. Location Tracker
21. Monitoring Dashboard
22. Search
23. Onboarding
24. Boarding Pass
25. TV App
26. Subscribe
27. Dropdown
28. Contact Us
29. Map
30. Pricing
31. File Upload
32. Crowdfunding Campaign
33. Customize Product
34. Car Interface
35. Blog Post
36. Special Offer
37. Weather
38. Calendar
39. Testimonials
40. Recipe
41. Workout Tracker
42. ToDo List
43. Food/Drink Menu
44. Favorites
45. Info Card
46. Invoice
47. Activity Feed
48. Coming Soon
49. Notifications
50. Job Listing
51. Press Page
52. Daily UI Logo
53. Header Navigation
54. Confirm Reservation
55. Icon Set 56. Breadcrumbs
57. Video Player
58. Shopping Cart
59. Background Pattern
60. Color Picker
61. Redeem Coupon
62. Workout of the Day
63. Best of 2015
64. Select User Type
65. Notes Widget
66. Statistics
67. Hotel Booking
68. Flight Search
69. Trending
70. Event Listing
71. Schedule
72. Image Slider
73. Virtual Reality
74. Download App
75. Pre-Order
76. Loading
77. Thank You
78. Pending Invitation
79. Itinerary
80. Date Picker
81. Status Update
82. Form
83. Button
84. Badge
85. Pagination
86. Progress Bar
87. Tooltip
88. Avatar
89. Terms Of Service
90. Create New
91. Curated For You
92. FAQ
93. Splash Screen
95. Product Tour
96. In Stock
97. Giveaway
98. Advertisement
101. Mobile Menu
102. Movie Card
103. Filter Products
104. Hover State
105. Newsfeed
106. Inbox
107. Currency Converter
108. Quote
109. Stroked Illustration
110. Contact List
111. Verification Code
112. Mockup
113. Redesign
114. Desk Inspiration
115. UI Kit
116. Empty States
117. Dial Pad
118. Style Guide
119. Email Application
120. Animation
121. Branding
122. Illustration
123. Wireframe
124. Brutal Design
125. Portfolio
126. Reminder / Alarm
127. Logo
128. Admin Panel
129. E-Wallet
130. UI Interaction
131. Shape Invasion
132. E-Commerce
133. Email Design
134. Low Poly
135. Collect UI Curation
136. Invite Friend
137. Montserrat
138. Photo album
139. Funny Animation
140. Poster
141. Project Management
142. Geometrical
143. Stamp
144. Character Animation
145. Playing Cards
146. Code Editor
147. About us
148. App Screens
149. Travel Destination
150. Real Estate
152. Online Course
153. Bot Interface
154. Halloween
155. Comments
156. Business Card
157. Book Cover
158. Packaging
159. Calligraphy
160. Documentation
161. Stranger Things
162. Online Blog / Magazine
163. Album Cover
164. Error State
165. Pitch Deck
166. Infographic
167. Scroll Transition
